Diagramo  Contributor Agreement (DCA)
version 1.0, February 2012


These terms apply to your contribution of materials to a product or project 
owned or managed by us ('project'), and set out the intellectual property 
rights you grant to us (Scriptoid s.r.l / Diagramo) in the contributed material. 
If this contribution is on behalf of a company, the term 'you' will also mean 
the company you identify below. If you agree to be bound by these terms, fill 
in the information requested below and provide your signature. Read this 
agreement carefully before signing.

    1. The term 'contribution' means any source code, object code, patch, tool, 
        sample, graphic, specification, manual, documentation, or any other material 
        posted, committed or submitted by you to a project. After signing this agreement 
        any submission will automatically be considered   
        as donated under the DCA. 

    2. With respect to any worldwide copyrights, or copyright applications and 
        registrations, in your contribution: 

        a) you hereby assign to us joint ownership, and to the extent that such 
        assignment is or becomes invalid, ineffective or unenforceable, you hereby 
        grant to us a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide, no-charge, 
        royalty-free, unrestricted license to exercise all rights under those 
        copyrights. This includes, at our option, the right to sub-license these 
        same rights to third parties through multiple levels of sub-licensees or 
        other licensing arrangements; you agree that each of us can do all things 
        in relation to your contribution as if each of us were the sole owners, and 
        if one of us makes a derivative work of your contribution, the one who makes 
        the derivative work (or has it made) will be the sole owner of that 
        derivative work; 

        b) you agree that you will not assert any moral rights in your contribution 
            against us, our licensees or transferees; 

        c) you agree that we may register a copyright in your contribution and 
            exercise all ownership rights associated with it; and 

        d) you agree that neither of us has any duty to consult with, obtain the 
            consent of, pay or render an accounting to the other for any use or 
            distribution of your contribution.

    3. With respect to any patents you grant licenses to without payment to any third 
    party, which would restrict us from using the contributed code as if we would 
    own a shared copyright to it, you hereby grant to us a perpetual, irrevocable, 
    non-exclusive, worldwide, no-charge, royalty-free license to: make, have made, 
    use, sell, offer to sell, import, and otherwise transfer your contribution in 
    whole or in part, alone or in combination with or included in any product, work 
    or materials arising out of the project to which your contribution was submitted, 
    and 
        a) at our option, to sub-license these same rights to third parties through 
            multiple levels of sub-licensees or other licensing arrangements.

        b) Note that you don't give us rights to the patent in any other way than to 
            give us the right to freely use the contributed code in the above ways. 

    4. Except as set out above, you keep all right, title, and interest in your 
    contribution. The rights that you grant to us under these terms are effective 
    on the date you first submitted a contribution to us, even if your submission 
    took place before the date you sign these terms. Any contribution you have 
    submitted will be  made available, at least,  under Diagramo Free License.

    5. With respect to your contribution, you represent that: 
        a) it is an original work and that you can legally grant the rights set out 
            in these terms; 
        b) it does not to the best of your knowledge violate any third party's 
            copyrights, trademarks, patents, or other intellectual property rights; and 
        c) you are authorized to sign this contract on behalf of your company 
            (if identified below). 

    6. These terms will be governed by the laws of the Romania. Any choice of law 
        rules will not apply



Signatory Information
=====================

    Your user name on Bitbucket (Mercurial) / Github (git):



    Your contact information (Please print clearly): 
    -----------------------------------------------

        Your name:



        Your company's name (if applicable):



        Mailing address:



        Telephone:



        Fax:



        Email:



        Your signature:



        Date: 



To deliver these terms to us, scan and email to 
a l e x [at] s c r i p t o i d (dot) c o m

